Update many callouts to use <Tip>, <Note>, and <EnterpriseFeature> (#680)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/operations/subscriptions.mdx

Clients can then execute subscriptions on your cloud router, which executes them on your subgraphs.

> <Caution>
> 
> **Important:** To use subscriptions with your cloud supergraph, you must first complete certain [prerequisites](#prerequisites).
> 
> </Caution>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

To use subscriptions with your cloud supergraph, you must first complete certain [prerequisites](#prerequisites).

</Note>
```

A client can execute the following subscription against our router:

> <Caution>
> 
> **Remember, clients execute subscriptions against your router [over HTTP!](#how-it-works)**
> 
> Apollo Client for [Web](/react/data/subscriptions#http), [Kotlin](/kotlin/essentials/subscriptions#configuring-http-subscriptions), and [iOS](/ios/fetching/subscriptions#http) all support HTTP-based subscriptions.
> 
> </Caution>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>

**Remember, clients execute subscriptions against your router [over HTTP!](#how-it-works)**

Apollo Client for [Web](/react/data/subscriptions#http), [Kotlin](/kotlin/essentials/subscriptions#configuring-http-subscriptions), and [iOS](/ios/fetching/subscriptions#http) all support HTTP-based subscriptions.

</Note>
```
